Connect Bitget API
Link with your Bitget account through API key. All your assets and your positions are managed by Bitget.

Register a Bitget account: https://partner.bitget.online/bg/HPM3BN (Referral code: 
1qlg
)

Click on your wallet in the top right-hand corner of the screen and go to the "Wallet Management" tab or visit https://app.copin.io/wallet-management


Click "Create" at " Bitget Exchange" to start linking your Bitget Exchange account to app.copin.io through API key.


The connection process involves:

Bitget Account Setup

Create an account, unless you already have one.

Identify Verification

Identity Verification or Know Your Customer (KYC) standards are required for all users of Bitget.

API Key Creation

Generate an API key for Copin Analyzer integration.

Fund Deposit and Transfer

Deposit funds into Bitget and transfer them to your future account.

For any difficulties, we invite you to join the Copin.io community where our admin team is ready to assist.

1. Bitget Account Setup
Step 1: Sign up for a Bitget account.

To create a new account on Bitget, you must first visit the Bitget website.

Then click on the "Sign up" button to get started.

Step 2: Account Registration

You can choose to register either with your email address or your telephone number

Enter a secure password

Use the referral code 1qlg for initial account benefits.

Accept the User Agreement and Privacy Policy

Click on "Create Account"


Step 3: Confirm your account

After submitting the registration form, you will be asked to verify your account. Bitget will send a verification email containing a confirmation link.

Click on this link to activate your account.

2. Identify Verification
Step 1: Access the Identity Verification Page

Click on your profile in the top right-hand corner of the screen and go to the "Identify Verification" tab or visit https://www.bitget.online/verified/enter


Then click on "Verify" to perform Level 1 verification.


Step 2: Complete KYC

Fill in your personal details, such as country/region, first name, last name and provide an official identity document such as ID card or driver's license.


Once you've provided this information, take a photo of both sides of your identity document and take a selfie using either your webcam or your Bitget mobile application. Avoid wearing glasses or a hat, and make sure you are exposed to good light.


After submitting your selfie, you will receive a notification that your KYC verification information has been successfully submitted.


3. API Key Creation
Step 1: Access the API keys page

Click on your profile in the top right-hand corner of the screen and go to the "API keys" tab or visit https://www.bitget.online/account/newapi


Read and agree to Bitget's API Keys Terms & Conditions


Step 2: Create API Key

Click "Create API Key"


Click "System-generated"


Step 3: Modify API Info

Choose a simple, memorable note for easy identification.

Create "Passphrase (API token)" API

Select "Read-write"


Ensure only "Orders", "Holdings" and "Trade" are selected.


Step 4: Final Security Confirmation

Complete the process with a final security verification then "Confirm".


The Access APIKey and SecretKey are displayed, so let's copy and fill in Copin Wallet Management


Step 5: Complete creating Bitget Wallet on Copin.io

Access https://app.copin.io/wallet-management

Fill Bitget API Key, Secret Key and Pass Phrase you just created in the previous step.


4. Fund Deposit and Transfer
Step 1: Make a deposit on Bitget

Before you start copy trading, you'll need to make a deposit into your BITGET account. You can choose between several methods for depositing money into your account: cryptocurrency deposit, credit/debit card, P2P, Third Party or bank transfer.

Depending on the method you choose, Bitget will give you the steps to follow to make your deposit.

Step 2: Transfer funds to Futures account

Head to the "Assets Overview".


Click "Transfer"


Input the USDT amount into "Transfer Amount" then Confirm


After transferring funds to your Futures Account on Bitget, you are ready to begin the process of copy trading on Copin.io.
Recommend link: https://docs.copin.io/features/centralized-copy-trading-ccp/connect-bitget-api