Connect Bybit API
Link with your Bybit account through API key. All your assets and your positions are managed by Bybit.

Register a Bybit account: https://partner.bybitglobal.com/b/copin (Referral code: 
COPIN
)

Click on your wallet in the top right-hand corner of the screen and go to the "Wallet Management" tab or visit https://app.copin.io/wallet-management


Click "Create" at " Bybit Exchange" to start linking your Bybit Exchange account to app.copin.io through API key.


The connection process involves:

Bybit Account Setup

Create an account, unless you already have one.

Identify Verification

Identify Verification or Know Your Customer (KYC) standards are required for all users of Bybit.

API Key Creation

Generate an API key for Copin Analyzer integration.

Fund Deposit and Transfer

Deposit funds into Bybit and transfer them to your Unified Trading Account

Setup Trading mode

Set Isolate Margin and Hedge Mode for all trading pairs

For any difficulties, we invite you to join the Copin.io community where our admin team is ready to assist.

1. Bybit Account Setup
Step 1: Sign up for a Bybit account.

To create a new account on Bybit, you must first visit the Bybit Website.

Then click on the "Sign up" button to get started.

Step 2: Account Registration

You can choose to register either with your email address or your telephone number

Enter a secure password

Use the referral code COPIN for initial account benefits.

Click on agree to Bybit Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

Click on "Get My Welcome Gifts"


Step 3: Confirm your account

After submitting the registration form, you will be asked to verify your account. Bybit will send a verification email with a confirmation code.

Enter the code and complete email verification.

2. KYC Verification
Step 1: Access the Identity Verification Page

Hover over your profile in the top right corner of the screen and select "Account & Security"


Proceed to "Identity Verification" to access the verification page. Alternatively, you can directly access the verification page using this link: https://www.bybitglobal.com/user/accounts/auth/personal.


Step 2: Complete KYC

Click on "Verify Now" and complete the verification process as instructed by Bybit to verify your account.


Select your country of residence. Choose the document type. Then click "Confirm" to proceed. Alternatively, you can select "Verify with App" to continue the verification process on your mobile device.


Please complete all the verification steps requested by Bybit to finish verifying your account. Note that the verification device must have a camera to enable live image verification.

3. API Key Creation
Step 1: Access the API keys page

Hover over your profile in the top right corner of the screen and select "API" or click on the link https://www.bybitglobal.com/app/user/api-management .


Step 2: Create API Key

Click "Create New Key"


Click "System-generated API Keys"


Step 3: Modify API Info

Make sure only the following options are selected: "API Transaction", "Read-Write", "No IP restriction", and "Unified Trading".

Choose a simple, memorable note for easy identification in "Name for the API Key".


Step 4: Final Security Confirmation

Complete the process with a final security verification then "Confirm".


The newly created API key has a validity period of only 90 days.


The Access APIKey and SecretKey are displayed, so let's copy and fill in Copin Wallet Management

Step 5: Complete creating Bybit Wallet on Copin.io

Access https://app.copin.io/wallet-management

Fill in the API Key and Secret Key you just created in the previous step.


4. Fund Deposit and Transfer
Step 1: Make a deposit on Bybit

Before you start copy trading, you'll need to make a deposit into your Bybit account. You can choose between several methods for depositing money into your account: cryptocurrency deposit, credit/debit card, P2P, Third Party or bank transfer.

Depending on the method you choose, Bitget will give you the steps to follow to make your deposit.

Step 2: Transfer funds to Futures account


Click "Transfer"


Make sure to transfer from "Funding" to "Unified Trading". And input the USDT amount into "Amount" then Confirm.


After transferring funds to your Unified Trading on Bybit, you are nearly ready to begin the process of copy trading on Copin.io.

If you encounter the INVALID API KEY error, please ensure that: 

Your futures account balance is greater than 0 (refer to Section 4. Fund Deposit and Transfer). 

You have switched to Isolated Margin and Hedge Mode (refer to Section 5. Setup Trading Mode).

5. Setup Trading mode
These settings ensure that the copy trading system operates in the most logical manner.

Hover over the "Derivatives" tab. Next, select "USDT Perpetuals". Then, choose any random trading pair. In this example, we'll use "BTC/USDT".


Click on "Settings" in the top right corner.


Set the margin mode to "Isolated Margin" and the position mode to "Hedge Mode". Apply these settings to all USDT pairs.
Recommend link: https://docs.copin.io/features/centralized-copy-trading-ccp/connect-bybit-api