Connect Gate API
Link with your Gate account through API key. All your assets and your positions are managed by Gate.

Register a Gate account: https://www.gate.io/signup/AgBFAApb?ref_type=103 (Referral code: 
AgBFAApb
)

Click on your wallet in the top right-hand corner of the screen and go to the "Wallet Management" tab or visit https://app.copin.io/wallet-management


Click "Create" at " Gate Exchange" to start linking your Gate Exchange account to app.copin.io through API key.


The connection process involves:

Gate Account Setup
Create an account, unless you already have one.
Identify Verification

Identity Verification or Know Your Customer (KYC) standards are required for all users of Gate.

API Key Creation

Generate an API key for Copin Analyzer integration.

Fund Deposit and Transfer

Deposit funds into Gate and transfer them to your future account.

Setup Trading mode

Set Hedge Mode for all trading pairs

For any difficulties, we invite you to join the Copin.io community where our admin team is ready to assist.

1. Gate Account Setup
Step 1: Sign up for a Gate account.

To create a new account on Gate, you must first visit the Gate Website.

Step 2: Account Registration

You can choose to register either with your email address or your telephone number

Enter a secure password

Use the referral code AgBFAApb for initial account benefits.

Accept the User Agreement and Privacy Policy

Click on "Sign Up"


Step 3: Confirm your account

After submitting the registration form, you will be asked to verify your account. Gate will send a verification code into your email.

Fill in that code to activate your account.


2. KYC Verification
Step 1: Access the Identity Verification Page

Click on your profile in the top right-hand corner of the screen and go to the "Individual/Identify Verification" tab or visit https://www.gate.io/myaccount/kyc_home


Then click on "Verify Now" to perform Level 1 verification.


Step 2: Complete KYC

Fill in your personal details, such as country/region, first name, last name and provide an official identity document such as ID card or driver's license.


Once you've provided this information, take a photo of both sides of your identity document


After submitting your documents, you must take a selfie using either your webcam or your Gate mobile application. Avoid wearing glasses or a hat, and make sure you are exposed to good light. After all, you will receive a notification that your KYC verification information has been successfully submitted.

3. API Key Creation
Step 1: Access the API keys page

Click on your profile in the top right-hand corner of the screen and go to the "API Management" tab or visit https://www.gate.io/myaccount/api_key_manage


Step 2: Create API Key

Click "Create API Key"


Step 3: Modify API Info

Choose a simple, memorable note for easy identification on "API Key Remark".

Select all following guide pics below.



Step 4: Final Security Confirmation

Complete the process with a final security verification by choosing all, then click "I Accept".



The Access APIKey and SecretKey are displayed, so let's copy and fill in Copin Wallet Management


Note: The API key is only valid for 90 days.


Step 5: Complete creating Gate Wallet on Copin.io

Access https://app.copin.io/wallet-management

Fill Gate API Key and Secret Key just created in the previous step.


4. Fund Deposit and Transfer
Step 1: Make a deposit on Gate

Before you start copy trading, you'll need to make a deposit into your Gate account. You can choose between several methods for depositing money into your account: cryptocurrency deposit, credit/debit card, P2P, Third Party or bank transfer.

Depending on the method you choose, Gate will give you the steps to follow to make your deposit.

Step 2: Transfer funds to Futures account

Head to the "Assets" and find "Futures Account" then click on.


Click "Transfer"


Input the USDT amount into "Transfer Amount" then Confirm


After transferring funds to your Perpetual Futures on Gate, you are nearly beginning the process of copy trading on Copin.io.

5. Setup Trading mode
Hover over "Derivatives" on the top bar. Next, select "Perpetual Futures" and choose any trading pair.


Click on the "Settings" icon.


Select "Hedge Mode" and confirm. Before proceeding, ensure you have transferred funds and switched to "Perpetual Futures".

Recommend link: https://docs.copin.io/features/centralized-copy-trading-ccp/connect-gate-api