Connect OKX API
Link with your OKX account through API key. All your assets and your positions are managed by OKX.

Register an OKX account: https://www.okx.com/join/75651458 (Referral code: 
75651458
)

Click on your wallet in the top right-hand corner of the screen and go to the "Wallet Management" tab or visit https://app.copin.io/wallet-management


Click "Create" at " OKX Exchange" to start linking your OKX Exchange account to app.copin.io through API key.


The connection process involves:

OKX Account Setup

Create an account, unless you already have one.

Identify Verification

Identify Verification or Know Your Customer (KYC) standards are required for all users of OKX.

API Key Creation

Generate an API key for Copin Analyzer integration.

Fund Deposit and Transfer

Deposit funds into OKX and transfer them to your Unified Trading Account

Setup Trading mode

Set Isolate Margin and Hedge Mode for all trading pairs

For any difficulties, we invite you to join the Copin.io community where our admin team is ready to assist.

1. OKX Account Setup
Step 1: Sign up for an OKX account.

To create a new account on OKX, you must first visit the OKX Website.

Then click on the "Sign up" button to get started.

Step 2: Account Registration

Choose your region. Agree to OKX Terms of Service, Risk & Compliance Disclosure & Privacy Policy. Confirm to continue.



Fill in your email and referral code 
75651458
 (Use the referral code COPIN for initial account benefits).


OKX will send a verification email with a confirmation code. Enter the code and complete email verification.


Put your phone number to verify your phone.


Enter a secure password


2. KYC Verification
Step 1: Access the Identity Verification Page

Hover over your profile in the top right corner of the screen and select "Verification"


Proceed to Identity Verification to access the verification page. Alternatively, you can directly access the verification page using this link: https://www.okx.com/account/kyc/personal/overview


Step 2: Complete KYC

Click on "Verify Now" and complete the verification process as instructed by OKX to verify your account.


Select your country of residence. Choose the document type. Then click "Next" to proceed.


Please complete all the verification steps requested by OKX to finish verifying your account. Note that the verification device must have a camera to enable live image verification.


3. API Key Creation
Step 1: Access the API keys page

Hover over your profile in the top right corner of the screen and select "API" or click on the link https://www.okx.com/account/my-api


Step 2: Create API Key

Click "Create APIs"


Step 3: Modify API Info

Remark API name for easy identification. Choose API trading, enable Trade permission, and secure with Passphrase. Then "Submit all".


Step 4: Final Security Confirmation

Complete the process with a final security verification then "Confirm".


The Access APIKey and SecretKey are displayed, so let's copy and fill in Copin Wallet Management


Step 5: Complete creating OKX Wallet on Copin.io

Access https://app.copin.io/wallet-management

Fill in the API Key, Secret Key and Pass Phrase you just created in the previous step.


If you encounter the INVALID API KEY error, please ensure that: 

Your futures account balance is greater than 0 (refer to Section 4. Fund Deposit and Transfer). 

You have switched to Isolated Margin and Hedge Mode (refer to Section 5. Setup Trading Mode).

4. Fund Deposit and Transfer
Step 1: Make a deposit on OKX

Before you start copy trading, you'll need to make a deposit into your OKX account. You can choose between several methods for depositing money into your account: cryptocurrency deposit, credit/debit card, P2P, Third Party or bank transfer.

Depending on the method you choose, OKX will give you the steps to follow to make your deposit.

Step 2: Transfer funds to Trading account


Make sure to transfer from "Funding" to "Trading". And input the USDT amount into "Amount" then Confirm.


5. Setup Account mode
These settings ensure that the copy trading system operates in the most logical manner.

Hover over the "Trade" tab. Next, select "Futures". Then, choose any random trading pair. In this example, we'll use "BTC/USDT".


Click on "Settings" in the top right corner.


Set account mode to "Spot and futures mode". Click on switch to finish.
Recommend link: https://docs.copin.io/features/centralized-copy-trading-ccp/connect-okx-api